Doing nothing is better than being busy doing nothing. -Lao Tzu
Knowing others is intelligence; knowing yourself is true wisdom. Mastering others is strength; mastering yourself is true power. If you realize that you have enough, you are truly rich. -Lao Tzu
Those who know do not speak. Those who speak do not know. -Lao Tzu
When you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everyone will respect you. -Lao Tzu
The truth is not always beautiful, nor beautiful words the truth. -Lao Tzu
A man with outward courage dares to die; a man with inner courage dares to live. -Lao Tzu
Do you have the patience to wait until your mud settles and the water is clear? -Lao Tzu
The flame that burns Twice as bright burns half as long. -Lao Tzu
If you try to change it, you will ruin it. Try to hold it, and you will lose it. -Lao Tzu
To understand the limitation of things, desire them. -Lao Tzu
Give evil nothing to oppose and it will disappear by itself. -Lao Tzu
When nothing is done, nothing is left undone. -Lao Tzu
The wise man is one who, knows, what he does not know. -Lao Tzu
The further one goes, the less one knows. -Lao Tzu
He who conquers others is strong; he who conquers himself is mighty. -Lao Tzu
Hope and fear are both phantoms that arise from thinking of the self. When we don't see the self as self, what do we have to fear? -Lao Tzu
When people see some things as beautiful, other things become ugly. When people see some things as good, other things become bad. -Lao Tzu
Fill your bowl to the brim and it will spill. Keep sharpening your knife and it will blunt. -Lao Tzu
If you realize that all things change, there is nothing you will try to hold on to. If you are not afraid of dying, there is nothing you cannot achieve. -Lao Tzu
When there is no desire, all things are at peace. -Lao Tzu
Success is as dangerous as failure. Hope is as hollow as fear. -Lao Tzu
He who knows, does not speak. He who speaks, does not know. -Lao Tzu
When goodness is lost there is morality. -Lao Tzu
If good happens, good; if bad happens, good. -Stephen Mitchell
To bear and not to own; to act and not lay claim; to do the work and let it go: for just letting it go is what makes it stay. -Lao Tzu
The Wise Man is square but not sharp, honest but not not malign, straight but not severe, bright but not dazzling. -Lao Tzu
He is free from self- display, and therefore he shines; -Lao Tzu
The reason why heaven and earth are able to endure and continue thus long is because they do not live of, or for, themselves. -Lao Tzu
What is firmly rooted cannot be pulled out. -Lao Tzu
Let it be still, and it will gradually become clear. -Lao Tzu
When the work is done, and one's name is becoming distinguished, to withdraw into obscurity is the way of Heaven. -Lao Tzu
The moral man does something, and when no one responds he rolls up his sleeves and uses force. -Lao Tzu
Under heaven all can see beauty as beauty only because there is ugliness. All can know good as good only because there is evil. -Lao Tzu
Clay is fashioned into vessels; but it is on their empty hollowness, that their use depends. -Lao Tzu
When wealth and honours lead to arrogancy, this brings its evil on itself. -Lao Tzu
Where the Mystery is the deepest is the gate of all that is subtle and wonderful. -Lao Tzu
He whose (desires) are few gets them; he whose (desires) are many goes astray. -Lao Tzu
